Graphs we need 

1. Graphs to show performance of MLMC and verify convergence theories of MLMC
    # you can find these graphs on pg 31 of 2015 paper and 613 of 2008 paper
    # we need to graph level running from 2 here instead of 0 or 1 because Harold slightly changed the algo to start from L=2
    
    1.1. graph level versus log_base2 of variance(somefunc)
        xaxis: level from 2 to max L (max L is when it converged and stopped)
        yaxis: log_2 variance of P(L) where P(L) is the average of payoff on N(L) paths; this var is based on N(L) paths 
               log_2 variance of Y(L) = P(L) - P(L-1); this var is also based on N(L) paths 
    
    1.2. graph level versus log_base2 of mean, aka the average, of some func below
        xaxis: level from 2 to max L (max L is when it converged and stopped)
        yaxis: log_2 of the mean of P(L); this is also based on N(L) paths
               log_2 of the mean of Y(L) = P(L) - P(L-1); this is also based on N(L) paths
    
    1.3. graph level versus the optimal num paths N(L) at that level
        # we graph for 4-5 levels of pre-chosen epsilon, the target confidence level width
        xaxis: level from 2 to max L (max L is when it converged and stopped)
        yaxis: N(L) the num paths required at this level 
        legend: one line for each chosen epsilon
        
    1.4. graph epsilon vs run time cost        
        xaxis: different values of epsilon we chose 
        yaxis: run time length measured in time as Harold wrote in functions. 
        legend: one for std MC and one line for MLMC

2. Graphs to show error bar performance of MLMC 
    # these are my suggestions for graphs because the prof said he's most interested in seeing our error bars for MLMC
    # the MLMC estimator is Y = Y(0) + sum of Y(L) where Y(L) = average of payoff(L) - payoff(L-1)
    # the estimated var of Y is sum of var(Y(L)) for L from 0 to convergence. 
    # when the vol term sigma is well behaved, var of Y should satisfy the inputted epsilon
    # but when vol term is Heston, no guarantee that var of Y satisfies epsilon
    # thus we should make graphs to compare them and see how MLMC formula for convergence of Y compares to epsilon
    
    2.1. histogram of MLMC estimator Y, for a pre chosen epsilon such as 0.1 or 0.05
        # we run 1k or 10k times, each time we get one value of Y
        # we report how many runs of Y fall outside epsilon range (only if the true value is known)
        # also compare empirical var(Y) from 10k runs with the target st dev per epsilon
        xaxis: values of Y in 1k or 10k runs 
        yxis: frequency of Y values

I'm suggesting that we do the graphs above for each of the 3 cases:
    a. A vanilla European call on a constant vol stock (closed form solution given)
    b. An exchange option on two constant vol stocks (closed form solution given under margrabe function in analytic.py)
    c. An exchange option on two Heston vol stocks